'''
Created on 2 dic. 2020

@author: belen

NBA 2013

The dataset displays information about the players that were in the nba league in 2013.
Each line represents a player.
There are 5 columns, the first one are the names, the second are the positions, the third are the heights, then the weights and finally the ages.

'''
functions included:

read_players
    The input is a csv file. The function reads the file and returns a list of tuples
    where every tuple is a line of the csv.

filter_by_position
    The input is a list of tuples and a position (str). The function returns a
    list with the players (tuples) of that postion.

calculate_names
    The input is a list of tuples, and the output is a list with the names of all
    the players.

players_by_age
    The input is a list of tuples and a age (int). The output is a list of tuples
    with every player of that age.

mean_height_by_age
    The input is a list of tuples and a age (int), being 23 the default value. The
    output is the mean height of the players of said age.

mean_weight_by_range_age
    The input is a list of tuples, a start (int) and an end (int), being the default
    values for them 18 and 40 respectively. The output is the mean weight of the 
    players whose age is between the start age and the end age.

heaviest_by_position
    The input is a list of tuples and a position (str). The function creates a list 
    with the players (tuples) on that position and then returns the player with the 
    biggest weight.

tallest_by_position
    The input is a list of tuples, a position (str) and a parameter n, whose default 
    value is 10. The function creates a list with the players (tuples) on that position,
    then it sorts the list by the players' height in descending order and returns a list 
    with the first n players of that list.

dict_by_age
    The input is a list of tuples, and the function creates a dictionary where the keys
    are the ages and the values are the players (tuples) of each age.

count_positions
    The input is a list of tuples, and the function uses Counter to return a dictionary
    with the positions as keys and the number of players of each position as values.

count_ages
    The input is a list of tuples, and the function uses Counter to return a dictionary
    with the ages as keys and the number of players of each age as values.

tallest_by_age
    The input is a list of tuples, and the function creates a dictionary with the ages
    as keys and the player with the biggest height as value for each age.

pie_positions
    The input is a list of tuples, and the function creates a pie chart that represents
    the percentage of players of each position.

pie_ages
    The input is a list of tuples and a list of ages. The output is a pie chart that
    shows the percentage of players of said ages.

bar_positions
    The input is a list of tuples and the output is a bar chart that shows the amount
    of players of every position.

bar_ages
    The input is a list of tuples and the output is a bar chart that shows the amount
    of players of every age.
